hey guys it's Justin here and today
coming do a little change on - 2010 Ford
Fusion she's a little dirty
I mean dirty she's real dirty just gotta
bust the old cap off a bolt
we're gonna haul it right over there got
the old filter out there easy access so
that's a bust that nut
let's let the oil drain all right we're
just gonna bust his nut off right here
it's kind of tight fit so just try to
put a much so you can into it so check
it off
that really it's actually under those by
watering their porous way out
all right we're just gonna put the nut
back on now she's barely dripping so
it's good enough for me okay
I don't like to tie these real tight
I just get a little snug so it's easier
the next time come right now
got the old filter twist brown off let's
try some old come over I'll come out of
that oil pump let that drain all right
all I'm using is Castro gtx 520 perspect
for this car um since my car has over
say five or so say five thousand miles
and I'm sorry using this oil and filter
choice is a frame I like to do is I like
poor little oil and the filter I don't
you don't even real
you
all right I should be good enough all
she want to do too is locate this seal
ah she looks on like that except mine's
a little messy
on top but she's going to do all right
you know Cathy's right here to figure
all just twist pull off the funnel just
like that there's no pour in
all right do a grip
place the cap
go to what this one for couple minutes
so smooth
chuckling
no go right here is your check your
flood why you do is I just walked off
once go back in pour back out if you
tell then you'll focus maybe maybe yeah
then go folks
oh there we go huh she's looking good so
I want to show you how to clear that
engine oil change same warning go to
setup hold reset all right now it's
reset 200% easy as that
Steve dying legs yeah looks like they're
you get white balance and I've been
looks pretty good alright that's how you
change all at 2.10 for fusion it's got
the 2.5 liter 4 cylinder in it and do
need Dooney again to our air but
one we're all curious how to kill like
ozone or ice pick it up I know she's do
so I'm gonna tear it apart till I get
any filter so hope you liked this video
today and hopefully help y'all on your
old change
you